---
layout:     post
<<<<<<< HEAD
title:      "Network goals and updates"
categories: jekyll update
date:       2018-04-02 12:15:00 -0600
pic:        dban.jpg
---

Over winter break, we sent out a document that highlights our current vision for a Daily Bruin alumni group. Here are some of the changes we made based on responses:
=======
title:      "Updates to the working document"
categories: jekyll update
date:       2018-04-02 12:15:00 -0600
pic:        kerck.jpg
---

Over winter break, we sent out a document that highlights our current vision for a Daily Bruin alumni group. Please visit the Facebook page [here](https://www.facebook.com/groups/126873934036600).

Here are some of the changes we made based on responses:
>>>>>>> 0ccdf1d0259f3aee7783dfc2235bdae753ec392b

- Tightened some of the language in the mission statement. Added some specifics for young alumni in the “Engagement” section, along with a note about alumni connecting with each other.

- Added context to the section on funding and donations with specific examples of recent effects to Daily Bruin operations. Simplified and clarified the section on large donations.

- Included newspaper critiques in the “Mentorship & Development” section.

- In the “Community” section, specified that our work in the local area should aim to establish long-term relationships and can be hands-on with any high school student newspaper (rather than just roving presentations).

<<<<<<< HEAD
Thank you to everybody who helped contribute feedback and ideas. The "About" section of the website includes these changes. To see more general updates, please visit the Facebook page [here](https://www.facebook.com/groups/126873934036600).
=======
- As a clarifying note, the spring UCLA event is in Northern California because Lawrence Ma (Sports editor ‘95) lives there and is hosting it in coordination with the UCLA Development Office.

Thank you to everybody who helped contribute feedback and ideas. They are always appreciated.
>>>>>>> 0ccdf1d0259f3aee7783dfc2235bdae753ec392b
